tt_submission (#906)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/curated/attribution-studies/intro.md

> <!--
> Describe the dataset. See previous weeks for the general format of the
> description. The description is the part of the readme.md file above "The Data";
> everything else will be filled in from the other md files in this directory +
> automatic scripts. We usually include brief introduction along the lines of
> "This week we're exploring DATASET" or "The dataset this week comes from
> SOURCE".
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This week we're exploring extreme weather attribution studies. The dataset comes
from [Carbon Brief](https://carbonbrief.org)'s article [Mapped: How climate change affects extreme weather around the world](https://interactive.carbonbrief.org/attribution-studies/index.html). An in-depth exploration of the evolution of extreme weather attribution science can be found in this [Q & A article](https://carbonbrief.org/qa-the-evolving-science-of-extreme-weather-attribution/).

> The data was last updated in November 2024 and single study that covers multiple events or locations are separated out into individual entries when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data was last updated in November 2024 and single studies that cover multiple events or locations are separated out into individual entries when possible.
```
